Adapt privileges for DECLARE (#13317)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

.. stable branch. You can add a version label (`v/X.Y`) to the pull request for
.. an automated mergify backport.

> - Fixed privileges for :ref:`DECLARE <sql-declare>`for cursors to make it
>   accessible for non-super-users. Privileges are adapted that they are depending 
>   on the privileges for the related query.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed privileges for :ref:`DECLARE <sql-declare>`for cursors to make it
  accessible for non-super-users. All users can declare cursors as long as they
  have the required permissions for the query used within ``DECLARE``.
```
